1. Java

Java is top pick as one of the most popular programming languages, used for building server-side applications to video games and mobile apps. It's also the core foundation for developing Android apps, making it a favorite of many programmers.

2. Python

Python is a one-stop shop. There's a Python framework for pretty much anything, from web apps to data analysis. In fact, WordStream is written in Python! You're the best bud. Python is often heralded as the easiest programming language to learn, with its simple and straightforward syntax.

3. C
I thought it was a nice "in-between" language in that it was object oriented without having to be fanatical about it. It was also low level enough to be close to hardware, but no so low level that you had to do everything manually. Because there are so many C compilers, you can write stuff in C and have it run pretty much anywhere.

4.Ruby

Ruby (also known as Ruby on Rails) is a major supplier of web apps. Ruby is popular due to its ease of learning (it's very straightforward) and power. Ruby knowledge is in high demand these days!

5. JavaScript

JavaScript (which, confusingly, is not at all related to Java) is another favorite programming language because it's so ubiquitous on the web--it's basically everywhere. JavaScript allows developers to add interactive elements to their website, and its presence is felt across the internet

6. C#

C# (pronounced C-sharp, not C-hashtag for you Twitter fans) is the language used in order to develop Microsoft apps. C# is syntactically nearly identical to Java. I've spent much time training with C#, but if you're good at Java, you'll likely have an easy time jumping onto C#. If you're looking to work on Microsoft apps, C# is the way to go. C# opens a lot of Windows (har-har

7. PHP

PHP (which stands for Hypertext Preprocessor, if you care to know) is often used in conjunction with dynamic data-heavy websites and app development. It provides a ton of power and is the beating heart of monster sites like WordPress and Facebook. What's really cool about PHP is that it's an open-source language, so there are tons of free pre-built modules that you can grab and modify to get your ideal results. 



